one day two cars oh yeah so you're
definitely going how could I miss it
I know family comes first but you still
have to make time for your friends oh
just forget it
I've gotta go somewhere where I fit in
place where no one lets you down
I know it's called Alliston now boob
watch it oh she's it so it's like bear
fun and Doug wants out back there I'm
the only bear that sounds fantastic
they're switching places for different
spaces I'm the only thing and everyone's
about to get a big surprise
what have you done with boo you'll never
find it especially after tonight when
they take him back to Russia hmm Russia
who's Russia
let's go save boo
Sony Pictures animation invites you
check this up
for a wild explosive and I find family
adventure that's three times the fun
open season three